android apollo3 integration (#5289)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/java/common/performance/instrumentation/apollo3.mdx

        .addInterceptor(new SentryApollo3Interceptor())
        .build();
```

```kotlin
import com.apollographql.apollo.ApolloClient
import io.sentry.apollo3.SentryApollo3HttpInterceptor
import io.sentry.apollo3.SentryApollo3Interceptor
import com.apollographql.apollo3.network.http.HttpNetworkTransport

val apollo = ApolloClient.builder()
    .networkTransport(
        HttpNetworkTransport.Builder()
            .serverUrl("https://apollo-fullstack-tutorial.herokuapp.com/graphql")
            .addInterceptor(SentryApollo3HttpInterceptor())
            .build()
    )
    .addInterceptor(SentryApollo3Interceptor())
    .build()
```

<Alert level="info" title="Important">

Apollo Kotlin is built with Kotlin coroutines. This means that `SentryApolloInterceptor` can be used with Java using only Global Hub Mode (single Hub used by all threads), with Kotlin using single Hub mode, or with <PlatformLink to="/enriching-events/scopes/#kotlin-coroutines">Sentry's coroutines support</PlatformLink>.

</Alert>

## Using With Java

Configure Global Hub Mode:

```java
import io.sentry.Sentry;

Sentry.init(options -> {
  ..
}, true)
```

<Note>
In Global Hub Mode, all threads use the same Hub.

> </Note>

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to be in a note. If you're going to keep it in a note though, add line breaks between the tags and the note text. This is best practice.

Author: Kept it as a note because it was one in the original Apollo Docs. Hope this is ok.

## Using With Kotlin Coroutines

> To make sure that a coroutine has access to the correct Sentry context, an instance of `SentryContext` must be provided when launching a coroutine.

Reviewer: Avoid passive voice 

```suggestion
To make sure that a coroutine has access to the correct Sentry context, provide an instance of `SentryContext` when launching a coroutine:
```

## Install

```xml {tabTitle:Maven}
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.sentry</groupId>
    <artifactId>sentry-apollo-3</artifactId>
    <version>{{ packages.version('sentry.java.apollo3', '5.2.0') }}</version>
</dependency>
```

```groovy {tabTitle:Gradle}
implementation 'io.sentry:sentry-apollo-3:{{ packages.version('sentry.java.apollo3', '5.2.0') }}'
```

```scala {tabTitle: SBT}
libraryDependencies += "io.sentry" % "sentry-apollo-3" % "{{ packages.version('sentry.java.apollo3', '5.2.0') }}"
```

For other dependency managers, see the [central Maven repository](https://search.maven.org/artifact/io.sentry/sentry-apollo-3).

## Configure With Extension

Add `Interceptors` to `ApolloClient.Builder` using `ApolloBuilderExtensions`:

```java
import com.apollographql.apollo.ApolloClient;
import io.sentry.apollo3.ApolloBuilderExtensionsKt;

ApolloClient apollo = ApolloBuilderExtensionsKt.sentryTracing(new ApolloClient.Builder())
    .serverUrl("https://your-api-host/")

>     .sentryTracing()

Reviewer 2: same here
